Welcome to Attack on Bricks, one of the world's weirdest veriation of Breakout! 

In this game, the battle is not limited just between the ball and the bricks, but also 
the elements, which are Water, Fire, Earth, Wind and Thunder.

The basic control is:
press Left/Right arrow keys to navigate the paddle to the left/right of the screen;
press Up/Down arrow key to select the power up to be equiped to the ball.

The core gameplay is the same as all other Breakout games: to break all the bricks on
the screen with the ball and to avoid having the ball fall off the bottom of the screen.
With each brick broken, a certain amount of score is awarded to the player. When the 
ball flys out of the play area the player loses a life and there are three lives in 
total.

However, some of the bricks are bestowed with element power, which means that they 
could alter the gameplay dramatically.

Water Bricks form a cushion around all the bricks on the same column with it. Any 
ordinary bricks protected by such cushion receive only half the amount of damage 
from the ball, i.e. they need to be hit twice to be broken.

Earth Bricks form a coating around all the bricks on the same row with it. Any 
ordinary bricks protected by such couting receive only half the amount of damage 
from the ball, i.e. they need to be hit twice to be broken.

Wind Bricks form a whirlwind around its 3 by 3 proximity. Any ordinary bricks with 
the range of the whirlwind receive only half the amount of damage from the ball, i.e. 
they need to be hit twice to be broken. Also the ball will be blowed back with 
accelerated speed.

Thunder Bricks throw thunder balls at the player's paddle at an irregular interval. If
the paddle is hit by a thunder ball, the paddle is stunned and cannot move within 2 
seconds.

Fire Bricks throw fire balls at the player's paddle at an irregular interval. If the 
paddle is hit by a fire ball, the player loses a life instantly.

To counter the special bricks, power up items which could grant the player with 
element power on the ball are available in the game. They are hidden under random 
bricks and can be collected by hitting the ball at them when their covering bricks 
are broken.

Multiple power up items can be collected together, however only one can be equiped 
to the ball at the same time. The selected power up is equiped when the ball hits 
the paddle again. When the special bricks are hit by the ball when the right power 
up is equiped, the bricks' element power can be neutralized and result in instant 
shattering.

The elements neutralize each other's power in the following way:
Water counters Fire;
Fire counters Wind;
Wind counters Thunder;
Thunder counters Earth;
Earth counters Water.

For example, when the ball is equiped with Thunder power up, it could destroy a 
Earthbrick or any bricks covered in Water cushion instantly. However, if the ball 
is equiped with Water power up, the ball could only deliver 12.5% of its original 
damage to the Earth Brick, i.e. it needs to hit the Earth Brick 8 times to break 
it completely. For all other cases (power up used or not), the ball could only 
deliver 25% of its original damage to the special bricks. When a special brick is
broken, any ordinary bricks coverred in its special power lose the effect immediately.

There is an ultimate brick called the Null Brick. It could absorb the element 
power equiped on the ball and rende it harmless. So a Null Brick could only be 
destroyed when no power up is used and it takes 16 hits to destroy a Null Brick. On 
top of that, a Null Brick could cloak all remaining bricks on the screen with its 
Null power in a given amount of time. At that time all bricks receive no damage from 
power up equiped ball and all take 16 hits to be destroyed. When a Null Brick is 
destroyed, it explodes and eliminates all remaining bricks on the screen, essentially 
ends the level. But the player would not receive any scores from the bricks destroyed 
in the explosion.  